# Compensation Plan FY25 (April 1, 2024-March 31, 2025) - Other Important Terms

5.1 You agree to abide by all applicable laws while you are engaged in working as a [Sales] of PingCAP.
5.2 You shall not work for any businesses which are in competition with PingCAP, or otherwise engage in any interest conflict activities and possible interest conflict activities. PingCAP reserves the right to require you to terminate any such activity at PingCAP’s sole discretion. If you have any questions or query in this regard, please contact your HR BP or Legal BP for further information.
5.3 You shall use the most ethical practices while engaging in any [Sales] activity in the name of PingCAP and fully comply with PingCAP’s policies and requirements.
5.4 You agree to protect all confidential materials including prospect data, sales data, and customer information belonging to PingCAP and shall take all reasonable care in making sure that such confidential material is not disbursed to anyone outside PingCAP.
5.5 You fully understand and contend that PingCAP accepts no side agreements. You shall never enter into any side agreement, whether written or oral, on behalf of PingCAP. You MUST NOT agree to any terms outside the express written terms of any executed, and appropriately authorized, agreement(s) between Company and customer or partner.
a) There must not be “Side Letters”, or other written or oral agreements(s) or understanding(s), express or implied, with a customer or partner;
b) There must not be agreements that a customer or partner is entitled to, or may receive, any concessions, credits, kickbacks, finders fees, special rights or return of product or free services, or anything of value from a participant, PingCAP, or any third party on behalf of PingCAP;
c) There must not be concessions or conditions or terms outside the express written terms of any executed agreements between Company and customer or partner;
d) Participants must comply with this Plan, the Company Code of Conduct (attached hereto as Addendum A) including, but not limited to, the anti-bribery, anti-corruption, no conflict of interest sections, Company written policies and procedures related to sales deals, and applicable law. Failure to follow these may result in disciplinary action up to and including termination of employment or services, and may result in deduction or cancellation of past or future commissions payments.
5.6 This document is considered confidential and proprietary information of PingCAP and subject to the Employee Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement
and/or confidentiality language in an employment agreement that Participant signed. This document may not be disclosed or discussed in any circumstances. Any employee violating this policy will be considered to have committed a breach of confidentiality and will be subject to disciplinary action, up to and possibly including termination of employment.
5.7 You shall not use or take advantage of any confidential materials or information which you were not allowed to use or bring out by your previous
5.8 The Company has the right to claw back advanced payment on your Compensation: the Customer refuses to pay after the Compensation has been paid to the Sales; order termination or cancellation; payment refund or returned out of any reason; misconduct in your Sales Activities; preliminary compensation calculation errors.
5.8.1 Commission advances
The Company currently pays commissions, and any related bonus payments, in advance of the Participant earning the commissions, and such advances are subject to reconciliation against actual earned commissions (including due to debooking, cancellation, payment refund, miscalculations, administrative errors or a customer’s rescission of a sale of default). The Company will grant advances for an applicable sale only when ALL of the following conditions have been met as determined by the Company in its discretion (“Commissions Advance Conditions”):
a) Eligible Participant: The Participant is eligible to receive commissions;
b) Booked, billable and eligible transactions: A sale (i) in the Participant’s Registered Opportunities (ii) that has been Booked and (iii) is due to the efforts primarily of the Participant, as determined by the Company in its sole discretion and subject to the GTM policies (iv) is considered billable in accordance with the Company’s guidelines for revenue recognition;
c) Contract Signed: Subject to the Company’s receipt of a signed contract between the Company and the applicable customer for the sale, as such receipt is defined by Company’s revenue recognition guidelines; and
d) Participant is Employed: The Participant must be employed by the Company on the date when the Company determines that all of the above conditions have been satisfied and on the date when the Commission Advances are paid. Given that the Company pays commissions in advance of the Participant earning the commission, any such advances are subject to reconciliation and chargebacks.
5.8.2 Earned commissions
Commissions are deemed Earned with respect to any applicable Booking only when ALL of the following conditions has been met, as determined by the Company in its sole discretion (“Earned Commissions”):
a) Commissions advance conditions: An eligible Participant has met all of the Commissions advance conditions with respect to such booking;
b) No debooking or recovery payment required: such booking is no longer subject to clawback or recovery of payments;
c) Customer paid: The applicable customer has made payment in full for the booking;
d) Such booking meets all of these conditions: Valid order documentation exists Primarily due to Participant efforts No side agreements
No concessions and no changes of the Company’s standard customer Terms and Conditions after closing No returns/refunds promised or possible to occur No fraudulent or concealment activity No future roadmap disclosures or feature commitment Sales are not concurrent or reciprocal transactions
No receipt of third party compensation by Participant or others
No pending or threatened litigation claims by the customer No violations of Anti-Corruption Policy
No violations of import/export compliance requirements
No violations of Company's Code of Business Conduct and Ethics or any other Company policies
5.9 The Company has the right to update the guidelines and policies from time to time, and publicize the aforesaid guidelines and policies, which will take into effect upon publication. You should check the guidelines and policies in time. This document supersedes and replaces all prior compensation plans and any other agreements, representations or understandings of any kind regarding the subject matter of this plan and this plan shall not be modified unless in a writing signed by an authorized officer of the Company. The Company reserves the rights to amend, modify, change, add to or terminate the plan or any element of the plan at ANY time upon prior written notice, in its sole discretion, in accordance with applicable law for any lawful reason. Final interpretation of the plan (including but not limited to quota credit, commissionable bookings, timing of the earnings, revenue attainment, commission rates and administration) as it may apply to any Participant, matter or circumstance will be made by the Company’s CEO and shall be final.
5.10 Windfall Clause: On occasion, business comes in, based solely on the Company’s reputation or existing relationship with the customer, and such business results in a Booking that is not primarily as a result of a Participant’s efforts. In other occasions, business comes in which would be of an extreme Bookings size, usually if a single deal is equal to or greater than (100%) of the Sales Quota assigned for a Participant’s applicable Term Period. Such Bookings are considered windfalls.
Participants will not be eligible to receive or Earn Commissions on windfall business, if the Company in its sole discretion determines that calculation of Sales Quota credit and Commissions or other incentive pay based on a windfall would result in unexpected unfairness. The Company reserves the full right to pay the Participant an amount less than the Participant’s standard Commissions or other
variable compensation for any single deal that is equal to or greater than the Participant’s Sales Quota for the applicable period, and such amount shall be made in the Company’s sole discretion based on its determination of what it deems appropriate based on factors including, but not limited to, the Participant’s effort in the transaction and the overall profitability of the sale. Participants must immediately inform the Company about any potential transaction that may result in any windfall business, for example any single deal that is greater than the Participant’s assigned Sales Quota for the applicable Term Period.
The windfall business rules also apply to one-time events as described in the Non-Recurring Revenue section below.
Items defined by the Company as a windfall or requiring an adjustment may be partially or totally included or excluded in the computation of Sales Quota credit and incentive payments and Commissions at the discretion of the Company, and may result in a chargeback.
5.11 If you breach any terms of this document or any other policies and principles of
PingCAP, or violate any applicable laws and regulations, the Company has the right to terminate this Plan with immediate effect, and you shall be no longer eligible to claim any compensation under this plan.
5.12 Termination: If you transfer to a non-sales role or resign from the Company, this document will automatically be terminated as of the transfer date or your last working date, and you will no longer be eligible for commission set forth in this document, subject to the continued entitlement to the to-be-paid compensation specified in Section 4.2.3.
5.13 Payment of all compensation hereunder shall be subject to withholding tax and other employment taxes and/or social insurance premiums as may be required under applicable law.
5.14 Any disputes, controversy or claims arising out of or related to this document shall be governed and settled subject to the dispute resolution terms (including the governing law and jurisdiction clauses) as provided under the offer letter and/or the employment contract between you and the Company.
5.15 Your variables will only be active when you have an effective compensation plan.
I understand and agree to the terms and conditions of the Compensation Plan (the "Plan") and Addendum A: PingCAP Code of Conduct. By signing the Plan, I acknowledge that I have read, understood and agreed to the terms of the Plan. I also understand and agree that the Company shall have, in its sole authority and discretion, the right to interpret and administer the Plan, to the fullest extent permitted by law. I understand that the content of the Plan is the Company’s confidential information that must be treated in accordance with the terms of the Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement or similar provisions in any employment agreement or offer letter between me and the Company.
The Plan shall become effective when I electronically or manually sign the Plan.
